Fixups (#1)
mnot/i-d-template: doc/SETUP.md

to get `make`.

## Python

All systems require [Python 3](https://www.python.org/). Be sure not to get
Python 2 or anything older than Python 3.6, which are no longer supported.

This tool uses [`pip`](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installing/) and

> [`venv`](https://pypi.org/project/virtualenv/).  These might be installed with

Author: ```suggestion
[`venv`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html).  These might be installed with
```
